# packages in environment at /lustrehome/bolner/mambaforge/envs/numts:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.8.3           py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.8                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
amply                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
argtable2                 2.13              h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
astroid                   3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
async-timeout             4.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.38.0               hd4edc92_1    conda-forge
attmap                    0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
attrs                     22.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bcrypt                    3.2.2           py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
beagle-lib                4.0.0                h9f5acd7_0    bioconda
beast                     1.10.4               hdfd78af_2    bioconda
bedops                    2.4.41               h9f5acd7_0    bioconda
bedtools                  2.30.0               h468198e_3    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.39                 he00db2b_1    conda-forge
biopython                 1.80            py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
black                     22.12.0         py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
blast                     2.13.0               hf3cf87c_0    bioconda
blast-legacy              2.2.26               h9ee0642_3    bioconda
boost                     1.78.0          py310hc4a4660_4    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.78.0               h75c5d50_1    conda-forge
boto3                     1.26.54            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.29.54            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py310h5764c6d_1005    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cachetools                5.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1014    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1          py310h255011f_3    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
chrpath                   0.16              h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
circos                    0.69.8               hdfd78af_1    bioconda
circos-tools              0.23                 hdfd78af_3    bioconda
click                     8.1.3           unix_pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
clustalo                  1.2.4                h87f3376_5    bioconda
clustalw                  2.1                  h9f5acd7_7    bioconda
coin-or-cbc               2.10.8               h3786ebc_0    conda-forge
coin-or-cgl               0.60.6               h6f57e76_2    conda-forge
coin-or-clp               1.17.7               hc56784d_2    conda-forge
coin-or-osi               0.108.7              h2720bb7_2    conda-forge
coin-or-utils             2.11.6               h202d8b1_2    conda-forge
coincbc                   2.10.8            0_metapackage    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
commonmark                0.9.1                      py_0    conda-forge
configargparse            1.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
connection_pool           0.0.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.0.7           py310hdf3cbec_0    conda-forge
cryptography              39.0.0          py310h65dfdc0_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.87.0               h6312ad2_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    anaconda
dataclasses               0.8                pyhc8e2a94_3    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2           py310h5764c6d_6    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.18              hb2f20db_0    anaconda
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dill                      0.3.8                    pypi_0    pypi
docutils                  0.19            py310hff52083_1    conda-forge
dpath                     2.1.4           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   11.36.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
emboss                    6.6.0                h6debe1e_0    bioconda
entrez-direct             16.2                 he881be0_1    bioconda
exceptiongroup            1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hf0379b8_106    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
filelock                  3.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.1               hc2a2eb6_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.38.0          py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.3.3           py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
ftputil                   5.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         12.2.0              hcc96c02_19    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.8               hff1cb4f_1    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gfapy                     1.2.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
gfatools                  0.5                  h7132678_2    bioconda
gfortran_impl_linux-64    12.2.0              h55be85b_19    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
git                       2.39.1          pl5321ha3eba64_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.30             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.74.1               h6239696_1    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.74.1               h6239696_1    conda-forge
gnuplot                   5.4.5                h142138f_1    conda-forge
google-api-core           2.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-api-python-client  2.73.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-auth               2.16.0             pyh1a96a4e_1    conda-forge
google-auth-httplib2      0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         2.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      2.7.0              pyh1a96a4e_0    conda-forge
google-crc32c             1.1.2           py310he8fe98e_4    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.57.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
graphviz                  7.0.5                h2e5815a_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.51.1          py310h5b20944_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gsoap                     2.8.123              h598caef_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.21.3               h4243ec0_1    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.21.3               h25f0c4b_1    conda-forge
gstreamer-orc             0.4.33               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.33              h90689f9_2    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                h64030ff_2    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         12.2.0              hcc96c02_19    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  6.0.0                h8e241bc_0    conda-forge
htcondor-classads         10.2.0               hcefb720_0    conda-forge
htslib                    1.16                 h6bc39ce_0    bioconda
httplib2                  0.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.0.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iqtree                    2.2.0.3              hb97b32f_1    bioconda
isort                     5.13.2                   pypi_0    pypi
jack                      1.9.21               h583fa2b_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.17.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.1.3           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
k8                        0.2.5                hd03093a_2    bioconda
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_15    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4           py310hbf28c38_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.20.1               hf9c8cef_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
last                      1422                 h5b5514e_0    bioconda
lcms2                     2.14                 h6ed2654_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.39                 hcc3a1bd_1    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20220623.0      cxx17_h05df665_6    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libcap                    2.66                 ha37c62d_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  15.0.7          default_had23c3d_0    conda-forge
libclang13                15.0.7          default_h3e3d535_0    conda-forge
libcondor_utils           10.2.0               hf2895b4_0    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h36d4200_3    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.87.0               h6312ad2_0    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h6a678d5_1    anaconda
libdeflate                1.13                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h9b69904_4    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.2                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     12.2.0              h3b97bd3_19    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgcrypt                 1.10.1               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3                h18fbbfe_3    conda-forge
libgfortran               3.0.0                         1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.2.0              h69a702a_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              h337968e_19    conda-forge
libglib                   2.74.1               h606061b_1    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.46                 h620e276_0    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.51.1               h05bd8bd_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.1.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               hadd5161_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.51.0               hdcd2b5c_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.5                h27cfd23_1    anaconda
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h78a6416_3    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libpq                     15.1                 h2baec63_3    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.21.12              h3eb15da_0    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.54.4               h7abd40a_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.0                hb75c966_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.40.0               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  12.2.0              h3b97bd3_19    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libsystemd0               252                  h2a991cd_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h0e0dad5_3    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.7                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libudev1                  252                  h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h7b6447c_0    anaconda
libwebp                   1.2.4                h522a892_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.0.3                he3ba5ed_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.3               h7463322_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
logmuse                   0.2.6              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h295c915_1    anaconda
mafft                     7.508                hec16e2b_0    bioconda
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
mappy                     2.24            py310h8472f5a_1    bioconda
markdown-it-py            2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.2           py310h1fa729e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.6.3           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.6.3           py310he60537e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-label-lines    0.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mccabe                    0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mdurl                     0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
minigraph                 0.20                 h7132678_0    bioconda
minimap2                  2.24                 h7132678_1    bioconda
mpg123                    1.31.2               hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.4           py310h1fa729e_0    conda-forge
mummer4                   4.0.0rc1        pl5321h87f3376_4    bioconda
munge                     0.5.13               h4de3113_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4                      py_0    anaconda
muscle                    5.1                  h9f5acd7_1    bioconda
mypy_extensions           0.4.3           py310hff52083_6    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.32               h14678bc_0    conda-forge
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            h6eb9d5d_1007    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.32               h54cf53e_0    conda-forge
natsort                   8.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.7.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.82                 he02c5a1_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.24.1          py310h08bbf29_0    conda-forge
oauth2client              4.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   17.0.3               h58dac75_5    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h7d73246_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1w               hd590300_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
paml                      4.9                  hec16e2b_7    bioconda
pandas                    1.5.3           py310h9b08913_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.12              hd33c08f_1    conda-forge
parallel                  20221122             ha770c72_0    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pathspec                  0.10.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                hc3806b6_0    conda-forge
peppy                     0.35.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
perl-algorithm-diff       1.1903          pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7046          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-b-cow                0.007           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-bio-asn1-entrezgene  1.73            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-coordinate       1.007001        pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-featureio        1.6.905         pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-bio-samtools         1.43            pl5321h7132678_3    bioconda
perl-bio-searchio-hmmer   1.7.3           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-phylo-paml 1.7.3           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-clustalw 1.7.4           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-tcoffee 1.7.4           pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-bioperl              1.7.8                hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-bioperl-core         1.7.8           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-bioperl-run          1.007003        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-capture-tiny         0.48            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-class-data-inheritable 0.09            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-clone                0.46            pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-config-general       2.65            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta            2.150010        pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-requirements 2.140           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-yaml       0.018           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.183           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-db_file              1.858           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-devel-stacktrace     2.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-digest-hmac          1.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.58            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-digest-perl-md5      1.9             pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-encode-locale        1.05            pl5321hdfd78af_7    bioconda
perl-exception-class      1.45            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-cbuilder    0.280230        pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.66            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-manifest    1.73            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-parsexs     3.44            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-listing         6.15            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-path            2.18            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-slurp-tiny      0.004           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-file-sort            1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-file-spec            3.48_01         pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-findbin              1.51            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-font-ttf             1.06            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-gd                   2.76            pl5321h5b5514e_1    bioconda
perl-getopt-long          2.54            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-graphics-colornames  2.11            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-graphics-colorobject 0.5.0           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.80            pl5321h9f5acd7_0    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.05            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.36            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-inc-latest           0.500           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.004           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.075           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-io-string            1.08            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-io-tty               1.16            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-ipc-cmd              1.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-ipc-run              20200505.0      pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-pp              4.11            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h9f5acd7_5    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.67            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-libxml-perl          0.08            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-locale-maketext-simple 0.21            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-math-bezier          0.01            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-math-random          0.72            pl5321hec16e2b_4    bioconda
perl-math-round           0.07            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-math-vecstat         0.08            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-memoize              1.13            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-module-build         0.4232          pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-module-corelist      5.20220620      pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-module-implementation 0.09            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-module-load          0.34            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-module-load-conditional 0.68            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-module-loaded        0.08            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-module-metadata      1.000037        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-module-runtime       0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-net-http             6.22            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.92            pl5321h0e0aaa8_1    bioconda
perl-ntlm                 1.09            pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-number-format        1.75            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-params-check         0.38            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-params-validate      1.31            pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-parent               0.239           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-perl-ostype          1.010           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-pod-escapes          1.07            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-pod-usage            2.03            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-readonly             2.05            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-regexp-common        2017060201      pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-set-intspan          1.19            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-socket               2.027           pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-statistics-basic     1.6611          pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-statistics-descriptive 3.0800          pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-sub-uplevel          0.2800          pl5321hec16e2b_4    bioconda
perl-svg                  2.87            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test                 1.26            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-test-deep            1.130           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-differences     0.69            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-exception       0.43            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-test-fatal           0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-harness         3.44            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-more            1.001002        pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-test-most            0.38            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-warn            0.37            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-text-abbrev          1.02            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-text-diff            1.45            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-text-format          0.62            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-text-parsewords      3.31            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-threaded             5.32.1               hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-time-hires           1.9764          pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-time-local           1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-tree-dag_node        1.32            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.12            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-url-encode           0.03            pl5321h9ee0642_0    bioconda
perl-version              0.9929          pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-www-robotrules       6.02            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-xml-dom              1.46            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xml-dom-xpath        0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44_01         pl5321hc3e0081_1003    conda-forge
perl-xml-regexp           0.04            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-xml-xpathengine      0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0           py310h454ad03_3    conda-forge
pip                       22.3.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plac                      1.3.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              2.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_5    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
poa                       2.0                  hec16e2b_4    bioconda
pooch                     1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prettytable               3.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  4.21.12         py310heca2aa9_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.4           py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pulp                      2.7.0           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
pulseaudio                16.1                 h4ab2085_1    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pybedtools                0.9.0           py310h590eda1_1    bioconda
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pylint                    3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pynacl                    1.5.0           py310h5764c6d_2    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 23.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.7          py310h29803b5_2    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.11.0         py310hd8f1fbe_2    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.19.3          py310h1fa729e_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.20.0          py310hff46b53_0    bioconda
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytest                    7.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.10.8          h257c98d_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-edlib              1.3.9           py310h30d9df9_1    bioconda
python-fastjsonschema     2.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-htcondor           10.2.0          py310h87463c6_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        1.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    3_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.7.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0             py310h5764c6d_5    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.6               h62441b5_5    conda-forge
r-base                    4.2.2                h6b4767f_2    conda-forge
re2                       2022.06.01           h27087fc_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h0f457ee_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.28.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
reretry                   0.11.8             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.16.1               h6899075_1    bioconda
scipy                     1.10.0          py310h8deb116_0    conda-forge
scitokens-cpp             0.7.1                h0255ffa_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.12.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                66.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools-scm            7.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.5           py310hd8f1fbe_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slacker                   0.14.0                     py_0    conda-forge
smart_open                6.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
smmap                     3.0.5              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
snakefmt                  0.8.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake                 7.19.1               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         7.19.1             pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snp-sites                 2.5.1                h7132678_2    bioconda
sqlite                    3.40.0               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.13.5          py310hde88566_2    conda-forge
stone                     3.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stopit                    1.1.2                      py_0    conda-forge
svim-asm                  1.0.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_15    conda-forge
t-coffee                  12.00.7fb08c2        h26a2512_0    bioconda
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tantan                    40                   h5b5514e_0    bioconda
throttler                 1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomlkit                   0.12.4                   pypi_0    pypi
toposort                  1.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.2             py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tree                      2.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.4.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.4.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022g                h191b570_0    conda-forge
ubiquerg                  0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ucsc-maffilter            377                  ha8a8165_3    bioconda
unicodedata2              15.0.0          py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
uritemplate               4.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.14            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
veracitools               0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
viennarna                 2.5.1           py310pl5321hc8f18ef_0    bioconda
voms                      2.1.0rc2             h4fe81f9_7    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha56f1ee_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.38.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.14.1          py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.8.2           py310h5764c6d_0    conda-forge
yte                       1.5.1           py310hff52083_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h3eb15da_6    conda-forge
